OFFLINE:
1. bounce-per-frame should be ultimately faster bc we're not stacking lagging path times

ICEBOX:
1. Select multiple faces via holding shift
2. Select all seen faces via dragging box
3. Wiki + Info buttons
5. Reimplement SDFs properly, represent in scene as boxes if marching isn't enabled, otherwise march instead of trace
6. Volumetrics
9. Spectral
12. Delete buttons on edit panel
12. Rotate triangles
13. Extrude triangles
16. Offline rendering pipeline
18. Textures/mipmapping/bilinear/trilinear filtering
19. Dynamically adjustable resolution (window is max resolution, scale down viewport and usage from there)
20. Resizeable window
21. Compositing pipeline
22. SDF construction pipeline using union, intersection, modifiers, etc
24. New test suite
31. no need to trace initial hit every single time when accumulating paths? restir?
32. optimization - caclulation struct! pre calculate everything possible and just pass the struct around as to reduce redundant calculations
33. for sampling a direct light uniformly, weight each emissive material by area. Then make a mapping array that maps the random index you get to the weighted index of the emissive array
34. Changing emission in material editor needs to re compute emissive materials (maybe we just do this on preview change)
36. Executor should be bounce-per-frame as well
37. command-based geometry editing
38. update emissives on vertex change too, probably just redo all emissive stuff on bvh change
39. make a much more efficient way to update gpu memory based on host memory (which is definitely possible btw!)
40. all remove vertex and update ids support
41. bug: mesh flickers during moving/reconstructing bvh - is this bc of the bvh, or is it the waiting to idle? check by turning on bvh construction all the time, if it still flickers its the bvh construction, seems to probably be due to pipeline refreshing
42. Ensure windows compat
43. bug - stressful geometry operations do eventually break if you play around enough
44. bug - something is wrong with lighting - best seen by scene lighting only
45. do cholmod yourself
46. basic analysis on image sections to determine if need to trace more on it or not so we can prioritize parts of the image that needs more samples
47. integrate simulator into geometry editor
48. real spectral rendering maybe use hero rays and fix spectral aliasing
49. simulation on GPU
50. optimize memory bits and types
51. detach from assimp
52. unique views - when you switch a view the entire ui layout changes

Next:
0. diamonds on a floor do not cast shadows when lit with a directional light, but they defintely should
1. expose max path count
2. open files via mini file explorer
8. proper rendering/camera panel
9. CPUswap greater than 2 breaks??
11. change overlay edge highlighting to just use barycentric coordinates
12. screen space BVH - if toggled, then in vertex shader just pass in vertices (or flag them and process triangles as a whole later), and then reconstruct bvh such that it only uses triangles in screenspace basically. Works great for scenes that don't NEED thorough GI or off-screen shadows
    - vertex pass - if vertex is in screen space, mark the .w value as the original value + 2;
    - triangle pass - for each triangle, if all vertices are marked with a +2, then disable triangle
    - restore pass - for every vertex with a +2, subtract 2 to restore to original value
    - in bvh, if screen space BVH turned on, any triangle just has 0,0,0 min/max
13. early terminate - if toggled, then if a path bounce hits a location outside of the camera frustrum, just use scene lighting from that point and terminate there - that way we can get some minor color bleeding but on complex scenes not bounce too much out of screenspace
14. uhh fwidth() is a think that may be useful for improving overlay
15. fix the flashing and flickering that happens on just pathtrace no direct lighting components
16. outline objects and select object mode
17. add a toggle orientation thing to see the coordinate system orientation
18. smooth mesh normals
19. show normals option in preview
20. make a unique animations panel with controls over like duration tps name etc and i guess the ability to actually make animations

ideas:
never actualy remove a thing from the data structure, but when you "delete" it, just mark it as destroyed and add it to an array of "free resources" to peel from and use when adding anything
